The silent, sleeping, staring houses in the backwoods always dream. It would be merciful to tear them down.
Hope is an illusion. All that you know will fade. You will be alone in the end.
All places, all things have souls. All souls can be devoured.
The void sucks at your soul. It is content to feast slowly.
There is no sharp distinction between the real and the unreal.
The stars sweep chill currents that make men shiver in the dark.
Look around. They will all betray you. Flee screaming into the black forest.
Do you dream while you sleep or is it an escape from the horrors of reality? In the land of Ny'alotha, there is only sleep.
Have you had the dream again? A black goat with seven eyes that watches from the outside. It is standing right behind you. Do not move. Do not breathe.
The tortured spirits of your ancestors cling to you, screaming in silence. Apparently they are quite numerous.
You resist. You cling to your life as if it actually matters. Such a heavy burden you carry. Soon you will be free of it.
You will die. You will betray your friends. Your friends will abandon you. Your courage will fail.
You cannot succeed. Your cause is hopeless. No one is coming to save you. You have already lost.
All of your friends are dead. Your allies will leave you behind.
You live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that you should voyage far
Receive now the greatest of all gifts. My dream has become your own. The circle of stars made flesh.
She is not the last, but the first. Drown her and you will see.
Your coming was foretold in the rings. The long circle is nearly complete.
Receive my gift and see all truths before you.
She will show you the way. Come... come. The hour approaches when all eyes shall be opened.
He gave himself to the deep places. He gave himself to me.
We will be waiting.
You call us nothing, yet we are everything. Every place, every time... we are you.
My hunger is endless. It cannot be sated, and it will not be stopped.
Existence was our cocoon. It has made the void into something more.
I am infinitely beyond you. A mind undivided by weakness or mercy.
Undisturbed, the void wanted nothing; now, we simply want.
All that will remain is a sea of lavender.
My kind will pour across the universe, and all will fall.
All life will be repurposed. The void will live.
You all should have listened.
The void will drown you all.